[13.0][ADD] base_menu_visibility_restriction: Restrict (with groups) menu visibilty (#234)
OCA/server-ux: base_menu_visibility_restriction/readme/USAGE.rst

To use this module, you need to:

> * Activate the developer mode

Reviewer: Why putting this with different bullet ?

> To use this module, you need to go to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this module, you need to:
```

* Activate the developer mode

> * Settings > Users & Companies > Groups and create new record with "Name": Hide menu items custom and "Users": Admin

Reviewer 2: I would change this to something that could be more clear to the user, like:
```suggestion
* Settings > Users & Companies > Groups and create new record(s) with "Name" of your choice and add to "Users" the ones you want to be able to access a certain Menu Item 
```

> * Settings > Technical > User interface > Menu Items, search "Apps" record and update "Excluded groups": Hide menu items custom.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Settings > Technical > User interface > Menu Items, search "Apps" record and update "Excluded groups"  with the one(s) you created earlier.
```

> * Settings > Technical > User interface > Menu Items, search "Apps" record and update "Excluded groups"  with the one(s) you created earlier.

Reviewer 3: Just that, on the first time reading this, I don't know what means "Apps". ;) 

This is a useful module.

```suggestion

Given you want to restrict the "Apps" menu,

* Settings > Technical > User interface > Menu Items, search "Apps" record and update "Excluded groups"  with the one(s) you created earlier.
```

> * Settings > Users & Companies > Groups and create new record(s) with "Name" of your choice and add to "Users" the ones you want to be able to access a certain Menu Item
> * Settings > Technical > User interface > Menu Items, search "Apps" record and update "Excluded groups"  with the one(s) you created earlier.
> * Login as demo user and check that "Apps" menu item not show.

Reviewer: Several things:

* You have to put generic instructions, not a specific case. You can afterwards specify an example.
* Each step is a point. Don't group several of them together.
* Use numbered bullets.
* The group creation is out of the scope of this module.
```suggestion
#. Go to *Settings > Technical > User interface > Menu Items*.
#. Search for any menu and edit it.
#. Update "Excluded groups" with one group.
#. Login with a user of that group, and you won't see such menu.

You can try with demo data for the menu X and user demo.
```
And add such demo data :wink:
